Add guidance for adapting alert dialogs (#8429)
flutter/website: src/resources/platform-adaptations.md

### Alert dialog

Since Android 12, the default UI of alert dialogs 
(also known as a "basic dialog") follows the design guidelines 
defined in [Material 3](https://m3.material.io/components/dialogs/overview). 
On iOS, an equivalent component called “alert” is defined in Apple’s 
[Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/components/presentation/alerts/).

| Basic Dialog in Material 3  |  Alert in Human Interface Guidelines |
|---|---|
| <img alt="Basic Dialog in Material 3" src="/assets/images/docs/platform-adaptations/m3-alert.png">  |  <img alt="Alert in Human Interface Guidelines" src="/assets/images/docs/platform-adaptations/cupertino-alert.png"> |

Because alert dialogs are tightly integrated with the operating system 
and users have been trained to recognize and respond to them, 
it's recommended to follow the platform conventions. 
Specifically, you can use Flutter’s `AlertDialog` widget on Android 
and the `CupertinoAlertDialog` widget on iOS. 
Here’s a [code sample](https://gist.github.com/InMatrix/1a61ba065c0c36ae642ff934971ab97b) 
you can use to achieve the recommended adaptation behavior. 

> Further details about adapting alert dialogs is available in 
> [this article](https://github.com/InMatrix/veggieseasons_adaptive/discussions/15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further details about adapting alert dialogs is available in
this [multiplatform version of the VeggieSeasons example][veggie-seasons].

[veggie-seasons]: https://github.com/InMatrix/veggieseasons_adaptive/discussions/15.
```

Author: The URL points to a page more specific than the suggested label. Would something like "...available in this [preliminary alert dialog adaptation guide][alert-guide]" work?

Reviewer: Yes, that would be fine.
